>> Jen Kramer: So now that you've had
the little taste of how the file and
folder structures might work on a typical
website, there are actually a few rules
that you need to be aware of when
naming your files and folders.
So I'm gonna take this opportunity to
tell you about some naming conventions.
So first of all,
the biggest rules for file and
folder names is that you have to remember
whatever it is that you call your file and
folders, because you'll refer
to them inside of your code.
And, so there's some rules here that I've
suggested that will make these things
easier for you to remember, and
it will lead fewer bugs in your code.
One of the very most common mistakes
that beginners make when writing code,
is they call a file by a wrong name or
they call a folder by a wrong name,
and the code quote doesn't work, so
this is a really important point.
So first of all, I strongly recommend that
you use lowercase letters for consistency.
It's actually true that if you have
capital letters in some places and
lowercase letters in others you actually
have to remember what those all are,
because your web server will think
that they're called different things.
And I'll tell you more about
that in just a second.
Don't put any spaces in your file names,
no funny characters like
tik-tak-toe signs, or percentage signs,
or anything else like that.
None of those funny characters, you can
use hyphens or underscores in your file or
folder names, but if you do pick
one don't sometimes use hyphens and
sometimes you use underscores.
Cuz you'll confuse yourself and you won't
remember what it is that your doing.
So you wanna make sure that you
use at the same way every time.
In other words, there are no really wrong
answers here just whatever you decide to
do, do it the same way every time and
you reduce the amount of confusion
that you have as you write code.
Because this is true,
here is files named Image.JPEG, and
I spelled it a whole bunch
of different ways here.
This is actually as far as
your web server is concern,
that is seven different image file names.
And so, you can see here very quickly
that you can get out of control in
terms of naming your files with a mix
of uppercase and lowercase letters.
So the unfortunate part of this is that
sometimes, like especially on Windows
computers, this type of naming convention
might quote, work in your code just fine.
But once you transfer your files to the
web server, all over sudden things quote,
no longer work.
And it's almost inevitably one of these
issues with capitalization and so forth.
So, personally what I do is I use
the first one is my image name in
this case situation, image.jpeg,
all lowercase letters, for
jpeg in particular, where sometimes
it's jpg and sometimes jpeg.
I just stick with jpg,
it's always that for all of my images.
And that gets me out of a whole lot of
bugs that could take forever to track
down just by being consistent.
So the big takeaway from
naming conventions,
use lowercase letters,
no spaces, no funny characters.
If you're gonna use hyphens or
underscores, pick one, and
do everything the same way every time.
And that will reduce the numbers of bugs
that you have as referring to files and
folders.